docs: add CONTRIBUTING.md and MAINTAINERS.md (#378)
editorconfig-checker/editorconfig-checker: MAINTAINERS.md

# Maintainers

Maintainers are responsible for the overall health of the project. They are responsible for reviewing issues, pull requests, and ensuring that the project is moving in the right direction.

## Pull Requests - Merging Requirements

To ensure everyone in the community has the opportunity to share their feedback, ideas, and suggestions, a Pull Request must go through a review process, and must meet the following requirements to be merged:

> - **Approval:** At least **2 core team members** must approve the Pull Request.

Reviewer: Honestly, rules are made to be written and read.

I don't expect to see them applied without  common sense.

So I would say this value is OK for someone reading it, so they understand the workflow and expectations.

Then PR will be merged when needed.

But maybe my visiot is this one because I'm French and you are German 😂😅

> - **Approval:** At least **2 core team members** must approve the Pull Request.

Reviewer 2: The strict German in me says "two are set in stone now" ;) But the other half says: the total number of team members is neither specified nor relevant - so maybe this is also a partial encouragement to create a "reviewers" role with people like @ccoVeille and me, who eagerly review code and have different views and experiences.

In the end I really would like to encourage a four-eyes principle - simple because I would not be sure that I always grasp 100% of it, no matter how much I try.

> - **Approval:** At least **2 core team members** must approve the Pull Request.

Author: > as the team is still pretty small

Not that small. :smile: We're 9 members in the organization, and if we add @klaernie as a maintainer, we're 10 (I definitely agree to add klaernie to the organization/maintainer team).
I think, we'll need to try, and if we see it's "too much", we will be able to reduce this number, to only 1 approval.

On this PR, there are already 5 reviewers, so I feel like, it's working pretty well, and we'll be able at least to get 2 reviews per PR, and if not, because people don't have time to review "right away", it can wait a few days/weeks. I don't think we really need to urge for changes, we can wait, as editorconfig-checker is a pretty mature software already.

> - **Approval:** At least **2 core team members** must approve the Pull Request.

Reviewer 2: Ah, okay, that number of maintainers is surprising, given that the org only lists four (as they made their role known to the world). With that number 2 is a good number of reviews to require.

- **Open Duration:** The Pull Request must **remain open for at least 72 hours** after the **last commit** to allow for proper review. If any significant changes are made during this time, the 72-hour clock resets to ensure everyone has the chance to review the latest updates.
- **CI checks:** The Pull Request must **pass all CI checks**, including tests and build.

**Note:** If a critical bug fix is required, and the Pull Request was approved by at least **3 core team members**, the Pull Request **can be merged before the 72 hours** open duration.

The delay serves to:

- Give all maintainers time to review.

> - Encourage discussions so the best solution can emerge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Encourage discussions, so the best solution can emerge.
```

> - Prevent issues that could arise from merging too quickly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Prevent issues that could arise from changes being merged too quickly.
```
